(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal"...
Barian World?
Yes.
What is important is for
you to fully realize
everything
about your true self.
Huh?
(crowd clamoring)
We must save the emperor.
Attack the enemy!
(crowd clamoring)
Hold on.
Who gave the orders to attack?
They shouldn't be fighting!
(Vector) Well, they are,
and their destiny
rests in your hands.
This is a Shadow Duel, Nash.
Our duel determines
the fate of our armies.
And you're the one
who made it happen!
(Shark)
Abyss Splash,
attack Gorgonic Guardian!
(explosion)
Aah!
My men...
I brought this on.
I"m the one to blame for all
this destruction.
Now do you see?
Do you understand
why you became
the leader of the Barians?
All their souls
went to Barian World.
And you, as a true leader,
will not abandon your people.
I'm a... Barian.
(Yuma)
There's no way
I can lose this duel!
I'm gonna get you
out of there, Astral.
I promise.
(Eliphas) Your end is at hand!
Witness the ultimate power
that I possess.
Cower at my
Rank 13 Xyz Monster!
How can I beat something
I never even knew existed?
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
No way! I never knew that kind
of monster even existed!
It is my turn!
I activate Astral Force's
effect from my graveyard!
That lets me return
this card to my hand
instead of drawing one!
Oh, no, here he goes again!
I activate the spell card
Rank-Up-Magic Astral Force!
Watch in awe as I summon
the most powerful monster
you have ever laid eyes upon!
(groaning)
I rebuild the Overlay Network
with New Order 12:
Etheric Maahes!
Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
(dramatic music)
♪♪
I summon the all-powerful
New Order 13: Etheric Amon!
He did it.
He summoned the most
powerful monster ever!
Is Yuma going to make it back?
(Quinton) I don't see how.
The energy's gone beyond
the teleporter's limits.
It's completely unstable.
(booming)
Oh!
Master Kite, if we
don't leave now,
we'll be destroyed along
with the teleporter!
Yuma...
(groaning)
Orbital 7's right...
we have to go.
(whining)
No!
We can't go!
Yuma isn't back yet!
I'm afraid there's nothing
we can do for him now.
(sighing) Yuma...
Prepare to feel the wrath
of my Rank 13 Xyz Monster
Etheric Amon!
♪♪
I activate Etheric Amon's
special ability.
The cards in your deck become
Etheric Amon's Overlay Units!
(gasping)
The Rank difference between
Utopia Ray Victory
and Etheric Amon's is 8!
So Etheric Amon
gains 8 Overlay Units.
No! Now it's even
more powerful!
And now, I activate Amon's
other special ability.
It gains 100 attack points
for every Overlay Unit!
(groaning)
It has 11 Overlay Units, so
it gains 1,100 attack points.
But there is more, Rank Up
Advantage lets me draw a card.
And with the power
of Shining Draw,
I get to draw
any card I desire!
Yaah!
But I will not even
need this card,
because this next attack
will be your end!
Etheric Amon,
attack Utopia Ray Victory!
But first, Rank Domination
lowers Utopia Ray Victory's
attack points to zero!
You battled valiantly,
even though winning
was never attainable.
Its attack points
are totally gone!
As are any chances you had
of winning this duel.
Good-bye, Yuma.
Etheric Amon, finish him!
I don't have
any cards in my hand
and Utopia Ray Victory's
powerless.
(groaning)
Ah! Hold up!
I activate...
Purge Ray!
By tributing
Utopia Ray Victory,
I can summon an Xyz
Monster from my graveyard
at the end of my turn!
This does not change anything!
Etheric Amon, attack Yuma
directly instead!
I summon Rainbow Kuriboh
from my graveyard!
What!
When you attacked me directly,
Rainbow Kuriboh
can come to my aid!
(groaning)
Fine, then.
I will just
destroy your monster.
I'm sorry, Rainbow Kuriboh.
(groaning)
I end my turn.
Now that your turn's done,
Purge Ray lets me
summon an Xyz Monster!
So welcome back Utopia!
Why would you summon a monster
that is not as strong
as Utopia Ray Victory?
When you find out, it'll
be too late, Eliphas!
You are wrong, Yuma.
Etheric Amon
special ability activates!
So not only does Etheric Amon
gain Overlay Units,
but you lose cards
from your deck.
Again?
Since Etheric Amon
gained 9 Overlay Units,
it also gains
900 attack points.
That thing is
all kinds of powerful.
It is impossible
for you to beat me.
We'll see.
(thunderous crashing)
Yuma!
Astral...
You gotta help me!
I know in the past I didn't
always want your help.
I know I gave you a hard time
for being conceited,
for telling me what
to do and how to do it
and for putting me down
sometimes.
But you changed more
than just how I duel...
you changed my life.
Astral... you mean
everything to me.
Everything!
That's why I...
I can't take losing you again.
I can't afford to lose!
What's this?
Yeah, Astral!
I knew you'd have
my back no matter what!
So...
Let's do this!
(grunting)
Go, Shining Draw!
(gasping)
The last time a light
such as this appeared
was when Astral battled the
Barian diety, Don Thousand.
(explosion)
(roaring)
Aah!
Could I have been
wrong about this boy?
(groaning)
It's here, Eliphas.
Time to show you what my bond
with Astral's made of!
I activate Rank-Down-Magic
Numeron Fall!
Instead of ranking up Utopia,
this card ranks it down!
Why would you ever
rank it down?
I rebuild the Overlay Network
with Utopia!
Go, Xyz De-evolution!
Come on out Number 39,
Utopia Roots!
Your Number will not
be around for long.
This I promise!
I activate Etheric Amon's
special ability!
So once again,
the cards in your deck
become Etheric Amon's
Overlay Units.
Aah!
Due to the fact
that you foolishly
ranked down your monster,
my Etheric Amon
gains 12 Overlay Units.
And remember, Etheric Amon
gains 100 attack points
for every Overlay Unit.
Now you do not have any cards
left in your deck
or any left in your hand.
Your strategy was a flawed one.
Wrong, it's 100% foolproof!
How can that be?
Actions speak louder than words
so how 'bout I show you?
(grunting)
Utopia Roots,
attack Etheric Amon!
You fool!
You cannot destroy Amon with
only 500 attack points!
You sure?
I activate Utopia Roots'
special ability!
Utopia Roots gives Etheric Amon
an Overlay Unit
to stop its attack.
That may seem bad for me
'cause you can add another
one to your collection.
But since the difference
between our monsters'
Ranks is 12,
Utopia Root's attack
points become 1,200!
That insignificant power up
will not make
a difference in this battle!
You would be right, except
Utopia Root's attack points
also get multiplied
by the number of Overlay
Units on your monster!
Etheric Amon has
33 Overlay Units,
and that's 33 reasons why
I'm gonna win this duel!
Too little, too late.
You stopped Utopia Roots'
attack already,
and it can't attack again!
Don't be so sure.
I activate the spell
Double Or Nothing!
Not only does it double Utopia
Root's attack points,
but it lets it attack again!
A monster as powerful
as that cannot be stopped.
That's what I was thinking!
Utopia Roots!
Finish this with
Rising Sun Roots Slash!
This is the new light that
will protect this world!
(booming)
Aah!
(groaning)
Yuma...
You have saved Astral.
(panting)
All right.
Time to free my pal.
You defeated me, Yuma.
And as we agreed, Astral
shall now be set free.
Thank you, Eliphas.
Just as Yuma
shared with us his power,
now it is time to
give Yuma our power.
(dramatic music)
♪♪
What's going on?
I was blind to the truth, Yuma.
The light you shared
with the others
is not something to be feared.
It should be something embraced
by all, including me.
(groaning)
(gasping)
♪♪
Yuma.
It has been a while
since we have been able
to high five the sky.
I look forward
to that chance again.
Astral...
Oh, you big jerk!
Yuma?
I'll never let you go again!
Never in my whole entire life!
Please don't leave me again,
Astral!
Don't ever leave me!
(Rio)
Barian World
lies out there.
I can't believe that.
I'm a Barian.
Yuma, Astral, and Kite
are all my friends.
I don't know if I can
turn my back on them.
(Dumon) They are your friends?
I do not think so.
It is time to see
your true friends.
Everything you have lost
is waiting there.
This must be...
Barian World.
Look... over there.
They have all been waiting
for you to come home.
My Lord.
Welcome home, Your Majesty.
You're back.
You're...
you're all right!
Welcome home, Your Highness!
He's returned!
He's returned to us.
Welcome home, sire.
Barian World
is a miraculous place.
Everyone here is connected.
They're still willing
to let me lead them.
Of course.
When the battle
between Astral world
and Barian World commences,
they will look to
someone for guidance.
You will be the one to
lead them to victory.
You are the only one
that they trust.
So I must choose
between these people...
or my friends back on earth?
That is right.
Even if it means
breaking your bond
with Yuma and the others...
forever.
Astral world or Barian World.
♪♪
I've made my decision.
Reginald...
I will be with you
no matter what you decide.
(cheering)
Yuma...
We will defeat you...
together!
Yuma, I was able to hear
your voice the entire time.
You expended great physical
exertion on my behalf.
Hmm! I was only
gettin' started!
Thank you, Yuma.
(groaning) Astral!
Don't get mushy on me.
(loud bang)
(Eliphas)
Yuma.
Astral.
You will have to cut
your reunion short.
(loud bang)
What... What's that?
(booming)
(electricity buzzing)
What's happening?
Some great power has been
resurrected in Barian World.
It could be the great Barian
deity, Don Thousand.
Who's this Don Thousand guy?
A fierce opponent
I battled a long time ago.
If Don Thousand
is behind this attack,
he must be plotting
to use the human world
to further his evil ways.
Return there quickly
and take this with you.
Your mission to save this world
from the Barians
has not changed.
You have my solemn promise...
We will use this card
to protect the future
of this world.
Guaranteed.
Now you must go.
All right!
And Eliphas, let's duel
again sometime!
The only power that can save us
is the power of Zexal.
And thanks to you, Yuma,
I have learned that Zexal
can only come
from true friendship,
even if that friendship
is forged
with the energies
of both chaos and light.
That boy of ours never
ceases to amaze me.
I couldn't be more proud
of him right now.
Mira, I just know that Yuma's
going to come through for us.
Yes, and we know the reason.
Because he's
feelin' the flow!
(Don Thousand)
The Numbers have been
finalized.
It is time, Vector.
Time to plunge the human world
into utter chaos.
(sinister laughter)
♪♪